threads have priroties:
Thread.MIN_PRIORITY = 1
Thread.NORM_PRIORITY = 5;
Thread.MAX_PRIORITY = 10



Thread states:
NEW - Thread state for a thread which has not yet started.


RUNNABLE - Thread state for a runnable thread.  A thread in the runnable
state is executing in the Java virtual machine but it may
be waiting for other resources from the operating system such as processor.


BLOCKED, -  Thread state for a thread blocked waiting for a monitor lock.
A thread in the blocked state is waiting for a monitor lock to enter a synchronized block/method or
reenter a synchronized block/method after calling Object.wait()


WAITING - Thread state for a waiting thread.
A thread is in the waiting state due to calling one of the following methods:
-Object#wait() with no timeout,
-Thread.join with no timeout,
-LockSupport#park()
A thread in the waiting state is waiting for another thread to perform a particular action.
For example, a thread that has called Object.wait() on an object is waiting for another thread to call
Object.notify() or Object.notifyAll() that object.
A thread that has called Thread.join() is waiting for a specified thread to terminate.


TIMED_WAITING - Thread state for a waiting thread with a specified waiting time.
A thread is in the timed waiting state due to calling one of the following methods with a specified positive
waiting time:
-Thread.sleep()
-Object.wait with timeout
-Thread.join} with timeout
-LockSupport.parkNanos
-LockSupport.parkUntil


TERMINATED - The thread has completed execution





A Java Programm with more than one execution thread only finishes when the execution of all of its threads end
(more specifically when its non-deamon threads end its execution or when one of the threads use the System.exit()
method). Somethimes, you will need to finish a thread, because you want to terminate a program, or when a user of the program
wants to cancel the tasks that a Thread object is doing


QUESTIONS:
-STATES ?
-in InterruptTest thread interrupted has state RUNNABLE
where is interrupted state ???????
